The People's Republic of China (PRC), founded on October 1, 1949, covers an area of 9.6 million square kilometers.
This new country hopes to establish friendly relations with all its neighbours.
It’s very important to maintain your current weight through exercise and healthy eating.
Most students feel satisfied with the progress they’ve made.
Do you have access to the Internet?
I knocked on his door but nobody came to answer it.
I rang your house last night but your mother answered the phone.
I would appreciate it if you would just let me deal with this case.
It normally takes a semester for a college freshman to adjust to his college life.
Look out the window it's still raining today!
People all over the world are trying to help the people in the quake-stricken areas.
The doctor had no choice but reach out to their colleagues across the nation.
The Olympic Games is an international sports event that takes place every four years.
The traffic jams during morning and afternoon rush hours are a headache in big cities now.
A friend of mine from high school is working in England now.
Are you fond of music?
Both Ann and Mary are suitable for the job.
Do you think you can do it by yourself?
Have you seen Tom recently?
He didn't need to attend the meeting.
He has a foreign friend who lives in the United States/ America.
He prefers coffee to tea.
He was very happy to hear from his old friend.
How are you doing these days?
I hope we can have some snow this winter.
I hurried to my office.
I read the local newspapers with great interest every evening.
I slept soundly all night.
I've lost interest in my work.
She likes to help any one who is in difficulty.
The friend saw everything but did not say a single word.
This box can hold more books than that one.
Trees need water to grow.
We must take some measures to control the pollution.
We should encourage him to have confidence in himself.
What kind of life do most people enjoy?
What time do you go swimming every day?
Who can help me clean the room?
Would you mind closing the window for me?
You and your team can discover the answers to problems together.
You'd better do that again.
A lot of natural resources in the mountain area are to be exploited and used.
Life is meaningless without a purpose.
All that glitters is not gold.
My classmate is much cleverer than I.  
As is known to all, China is the largest developing country in the world.
Apples here like water and sunshine.
Bill hit his car into a wall last night.
Could you tell me where the post office is?
Each time history repeats itself, the price goes up.
I was having a nap when suddenly the telephone rang.
If you decided to learn a new language, you would have to devote all your efforts to it.
I'm thinking about a visit to Paris.
In an age of plenty, we feel spiritually hungry.
In no other country in the world can you find such plants as this one.
John and his brother differ in personality even if their differences in age are not significant.
Our textbooks are very different from theirs.
Ted and William have lived under the same roof for five years.
The doctor told me to have more water.
The more passions we have, the more happiness we are likely to experience.
The students are encouraged to do more listening, reading and writing by their teacher.
There is a large amount of energy wasted due to friction(摩擦).
They thought that there must be something wrong with their TV set.
This place has plentiful material resources.
Transistors are small in size and light in weight.
Various substances differ widely in their magnetic（磁性的） characteristics. 
Would you please help me with this heavy box?
Fred was such a hardworking student that he soon came out first in the class.
You needn't go there anymore. He already knows about it.
He has taught English in this university ever since he moved to this city. 
A lot of natural resources in the mountain area will be exploited and used.
Air pollution is more serious than water pollution.  
I'm looking forward to your visit to China.  
Wisdom is much more important than knowledge.  
 The more you know, the further you go. 
 Tom is five years younger than Peter. 
 Jim will go to his teacher whenever he has questions. 
 Take an umbrella with you in case of rain. 
 It doesn't matter whether he comes or not. 
 Success in business depends on hard work. 
 Wait here for further information. 
 Bob and Peter found out that they were twin brothers. 
You ought not to smoke so much.
Of course they did not always have money to buy the things they wanted.
But I've got room for only two of you in the house.  
But Little Smart (小灵通) is not really that smart.  
By 1900, most states had laws against selling cigarettes to young people.  
Each year some of his money is given to the best scientists and writers of the world.  
Fewer high school students are smoking now than a few years ago.  
From the East Coast to the West Coast it is about 3,000 miles wide.  
He called the doctor and made sure they would meet at five.  
He often went from town to town giving lectures.  
He was happy with his new car, and drove to work in it the next day.  
I am writing this letter to complain about the service in your hotel.  
I saved the baby and became a hero.  
I used the bag to protect my face from the smoke and heat.  
If you travel by ship across the Pacific, you cross the international date line(国际日期变更线).  
In most countries, animals are in a worse position than human beings.
It is no good hoping to read all these books.
Jim was clever, but he does not work hard.  
Many schools will open for lessons at the beginning of September.  
On their way they came to a bread shop.  
Only on weekends, cars can not go into the Central Park.  
Playing the sport you like is an important part of a person's life.  
She could not understand me when I spoke to her.  
Since the earth looks like a ball, the sun can shine on only half of it at a time.  
Some of her pictures were shown in an art exhibition (展览会) in Shanghai when she was 4 years old.  
Some parents even do not let their children meet their good friends.  
The school plans games and matches for its students.  
Their parents don't know them as well as their friends do.  
They questioned both men but neither of them could speak English.  
We cannot tell when an earthquake（地震）is coming.  
"Why does the parrot (鹦鹉) cost so much?" the man asked.  
Who would say like this?
When she left school, she went first to Britain.
What did they say they had done?
The couple enjoyed their holiday very much.
He didn't understand what the teacher said.
If you have time, you can come to my office.
I think the picture shows us how fruit is necessary to life.
China will build up a space station in ten years.
Do you often do your washing in the evening?
Don't you mind my opening the window?
Each student needs to learn something different.
Excuse me. Where's the nearest police station?
He lives in a small room with only one small window.
How long have you collected your stamps?
I can't go with you today because I'm too busy. 
I prefer tea to coffee.
I think our dream will become true.
Jack works much harder than before.
My grandpa is used to getting up early.
Please move your chair to the window.
Please ring me up tomorrow morning.
Take this empty box away and bring me a full one.
Telling the way to a place for free.
The doctor said there was nothing wrong with his eyes.
The plane took off very smoothly.
They sold the old house yesterday.
We all like her because she's very helpful.
Without water, there is no life on the earth.
A dog is always well-known as a clever and friendly animal.
A good memory is a great help in learning a language. 
A sign at the bus stop helps you to know which bus to take.
But competitive swimming is just over one hundred years old.
Everyone was in bed except me.
Excuse me. Could you tell me how to get to the cinema?
Go down this street until you reach the second traffic lights.
He said that he had left his umbrella in the library.
He was pleased with the fine weather.
I think she will change her mind tomorrow.
I was too excited to say a word in front of him.
I'll write to you as soon as I get there.
I'm going to visit a friend of mine this Sunday.
It is certain that we shall produce this kind of engine.
It is necessary to take medicine on time.
My problem is that I don't have much time to do the work.
Not all the machines here are produced by our factory. 
Nothing in the world moves faster than light. 
Our library is as big as theirs.
She always laughs at a good joke.
Stay here before I get back.
The polluted air becomes poisonous and dangerous to health.
The shop is open till ten at night every day.
Think it over before you speak.
We are getting ready for our English examination.
A teacher should have patience in his work. 
Can you express yourself clearly in English?
He had to leave early yesterday.
When the meeting will be held has not been decided yet.
Would you mind turning down the radio?
You can practise with your classmates outside class.
He has been learning English for years.
He has the habit of making notes while reading.
He is always making excuses for being late.
He is thinking about moving to a new place.
He keeps looking at himself in the mirror.
I look forward to hearing from you.
I'm certain he'll go to see the film, because he's bought a ticket.
I'm finishing my second year of studies.
Open the window and let the fresh air in.
Promise me never to be late again.
Riding bicycles can save energy.
She is used to living in the countryside.
She likes Mike a lot, but she doesn't want to get married so early.
He stopped smoking.
He stopped to smoke.
The cause of the fire was carelessness.
The doctor is very patient with his patients.
The earth on which we live is shaped like a ball.
The moon looks much bigger than any other stars in the sky.
This is the most wonderful day of my life, because I'm here with you now.
Travel broadens the mind.
We should make best use of time.
We used to live near a big park.
When are you going to get your hair cut?
When I was young, I'd listen to the radio, waiting for my favorite songs.
When were the Olympic Games founded?
You'll find in English some words can be remembered more easily than the others.
I am very familiar with his name.
I came back because of the rain.
He sits there listening to music.
He had a traffic accident last week.
He is always very active in student activities.
He offered to help us with our work.
I am glad to hear the good news.
Beijing Olympic Games can make Chinese people work harder.
The store opens from 7 am. to 8 pm.
The TV set cost me $200.
We are going to play golf this Sunday.
I feel lonely without you.
I feel satisfied with my life.
I got married ten years ago.
I had no choice.
I have a pain in my back.
I'm going to buy a monthly ticket tomorrow.
I'm having a headache now.
I'm not an English major student.
It is not necessary to do this work.
It's still raining today!
My classmate is more clever than I.
Students can study by themselves through school network.
The school management must be improved.
We are from mainland China.
What a beautiful T-shirt you have!
What did you do last week?
What's your nationality, sir?
When do you think John will arrive?
Who's going to answer the door?
Who's going to answer the telephone?
Would you like some mineral water?
As is known to all, China is a developing country.
Fires may do more damage than the earthquakes.
He was satisfied with his new car, and drove to work in it the very next day.
In Foreign Languages Department，a checking machine is used to correct the students' test papers.
In the world, soccer or football is the most popular sport.
Though it was late, they kept on working.
We enjoyed ourselves very much at the party.
Please give this book to whoever comes first.
She was the only daughter and the youngest child of five.
The most common samples of inorganic materials are the gases of the atmosphere, water, rocks, etc. 
Who do you believe will be given the prize?
Whom did they expect the teacher would criticize?
You do not have to understand everything all at once.
Christmas is the most important festival in the west.
How do you spell your last name?
I'll try not to take up too much of your time.
I'm wondering who broke the window.
In the United States a lot of college students do not live at home. 
It's always a pleasure to see many friends here in London.
It's never too late to learn.
Jane has told me a lot about her trip in South Africa.
Many students who have problems won't go for advice or help.
No matter what happens, I'll be your best friend. 
Please call me back when you are free. 
Tom is not good at his subjects except math.
Tom likes playing basket-ball but he can't play well.
The old man is in his late sixties. 
The teacher assigned them to write a composition.
Try hard or you'll fail the test. 
We are short of time and money.
Before he turned to Internet for help, Jack had spent one year looking for his parents.
Children who often exercise are cleverer.
He doesn't know what life means to him.
He was too tired to go on reading.
I do want to know what really happened.
I don't think he can operate the new type of computer. 
I expect she will have changed her mind by tomorrow.
People use science knowledge to understand and change nature. 
The meal was very good except that the fish was a bit too salty.
The more money I make, the happier I will be.
The whole process required a great deal of effort, skill and a luck. 
We can learn from our mistakes.
You ought not to smoke so much.
Do you think we will have good weather?
He has sympathy for all poor people.
He is a worldwide famous scientist.
He is sweating all over.
Do you think students should do a part-time job?
Do you want to go out or stay at home?
My watch is five minutes fast.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm very much eager to improve my oral English.
I haven't enough money for the coat.
Please give me your homework before leaving.
There is something urgent for you to do right now.
They are ordinary people, but did a great job.
We must arrive there on time.
This custom has a long tradition.
When I was young, I liked singing and dancing.
As long as there is water, plants won't die quickly.
I guess he is ill.
What we need is a Chinese-English dictionary.
He watched me more carefully than ever.
I'll tell you what to do next.
I'll tell you when to stop working.
I've changed my mind.
She's free on Friday and Saturday.
May I have a look at the watch?
May I have a look at your pictures?
He told me that he had bought a book.
At first the phone was busy.
Because there was heavy traffic, we were ten minutes late.
But it looks like something I would never buy.
China is the largest developing country in the world.
Did you get that E-mail from me?
Do you know where the post office is?
Few of them believe you.
Hi. What can I get for your dinner, sir?
I came here at least once a month.
I don't know who broke the window.
I don't want to spend five dollars on a cup of water.
It is known to all that exercises are good for health.
I'm going to run for the bus as soon as the bell rings.
I looked for the book on the desk but it was nowhere.
I need to buy some 50-cent stamps.
I'll have to try using the search engines.
It's easy to say, but difficult to do.
It's not much different from that heavy metal music you like so much.
It's their duty to look after these young trees.
I've been so busy lately，I haven't had time to call anybody.
I've never heard such good music in a computer game.
Just because you like, it doesn't mean I will.
Let me type in your address and then open the account.
Let's sit over here until it's time for you to board.
Li Bai is one of the greatest poets that have ever lived in China.
MR. Lin assigned too much homework today.
Not all Americans are interested in sports, of course.
Of course they did not always have money to buy the things they wanted.
Okay, and I need a pen to fill out the address.
Once all the information is completed, you sign here.
She begins cooking as soon as she gets home.
She looks lovely when she is happy.
Yeah, but they play the same songs over and over again.
Yeah, I'm anxious to hear all the songs from her new album.
Some football teams will have games there.
You are clever enough to pass the exam.
You can buy water inside.
You'd better go quickly before I change my mind.
He borrowed some money from his friend and hurried there.
Neither the land nor the weather is good for farming.
On that flight were a mother and her four-year-old son, whose name was Jeffrey.
Air is all around us.
This street will be widened.
This TV channel has too many commercials.
Why, do you want me to change the channel?
We are going to have an English party today.
We're running behind schedule by about 15 minutes.
Could you tell me how to go to your university?
He knew the time of the meeting.
I didn't sleep well.
I had lunch with a friend of mine.
I heard she got married last week.
I take a walk in the early morning every day.
I watched TV all night yesterday.
The question is too difficult to answer.
What is the color of your new computer?
When I arrived at the station, the train had already left.
I'll phone you again when I get home.
It is a fine spring day.
I heard it said that this factory was founded in 1901.
I think a person's character is more important than his appearance.
After I get home, I'll call you.
Call me tomorrow if you have time.
Could you show me the way to the train station?
Could you tell me how to get to the bank?
Do you have anything to say?
Does the computer have instructions on it?
Don't you think smoking is harmful to your health?
Give us a few more minutes to decide.
How long will it take us to get there?
I am very much interested in sports.
I can't finish the task within 1 hour.
I don't feel very well.
I don't think he has time to play chess with you.
I enjoyed this meal thoroughly.
I have no interest in what they say about me.
I lost my keys on my way to work.
I need you to fill out the top portion of the form first.
I'll call you as soon as I arrive.
I'm now a distance education student.
It takes a lot of time to learn a foreign language.
It was a hard job, but he did not mind.
Jane moved to New York at the end of last month.
Jenny is fond of reading and often borrows books from the city library.
Let's try something different.
Lincoln was the US president who set the slaves free.
One can never succeed without enough confidence in himself.
Our teacher always encourages us to speak English bravely. 
People all over the world are trying to help the people in Sichuan.
Please get off the bus at the next stop.
Please tell me what to do next.
Please tell me where I can find these books.
The girls are busy making preparations for the weekend party.
The little boy wanted to exchange his toy car for my cake.
The more I study, the less I seem to learn.
The price of gasoline will come down in Chinese market.
The teacher told the students to sit down quietly.
There's a party at my house this Friday.
These five boys failed in their English exam last term.
They have been working together for three months and have come to know each other better.
This is the worst hospital I have ever seen. 
This one's pretty, but it costs too much.
This pair of shoes cost me 260 yuan.
We believe that Peter will be given the prize.
We have made little progress.
What are you doing next weekend?
What can I do for you?
What time does the dining room open?
What would you like to drink, mineral water or tea?
Would you please open the door for me?
You must always remember not to cheat in exams.
Mr. Green was frightened by the message.
The reason he was late was that he missed the bus.
Can you finish your work in time?
David will get a birthday gift from his sister.
We have known each other for 6 years.
When did you get up yesterday morning?
Men differ from other animals in that they can speak and think.
Americans usually eat three meals a day.
When will he come to see you?
You don't need to buy that.
He translated the famous novel into English.
How are you feeling today?
I get to my office at 10:30.
I hope you'll be well soon.
I think you're wrong.
I am not satisfied with his answer.
You shouldn't smoke too much.
He can run as fast as Jim.
They seem to have more activities at night than in the day.
It rained every day while I was in Shanghai.
My parents got married in 1954.
Please give me a glass of beer.
What's your plan for the summer holiday?
How long has she lived there?
The movie began when we got there.
Don't tell me what to do!
How long do you watch TV every day?
How wide is this street?
How will you spend the evening?
I buy some food on my way home.
I'll stay at home and watch TV.
I'm telling the truth.
Let's go dancing tonight.
She was late for work again.
Tom's father has taught English here since he graduated from Peking University.
What do you plan to do this Friday?
What do you want for dinner?
What's the size of your shoes?
Do you feel better now?
Where did you go for dinner yesterday?
You should arrive at the airport at 10 am.
You should stop smoking.
I finished my work at 6 pm.
I found $10 on the street.
When did you buy the car?
Do you like traveling?
What do you think about it?
What's the color of your new dress?
He was not just an actor, but also a writer, producer and director.  
You can see many interesting things on your way.    
Once, however, the clock failed to give the correct time.  
He was too tired to say a word and went to bed at once.  
Rain water finds its way to streams and rivers.  
The White House is more than a home; it has offices for the President.
Years ago, zoos kept all kinds of animals in small cages.
Also you can carry many things with you in a car.
Li Mei studies in a university far away from her home.  
A few minutes later the doctor came out of his room for the third time.  
A man and his wife had a small restaurant near a station.  
Your reading purpose is quite different; it is to understand meaning.  
Zoos help to protect all kinds of animals.  
I have two coats. One is red, the other is blue.  
New York University has forty-eight thousand students.  
On the last day of the old year, there is a family dinner.  
Many people don’t listen to music and they can get along quite well.  
All things are difficult before they are easy.
He told me that he had lived in America for ten years before he came to China.
The plan has been over fulfilled by now.
Wang Li's father has taught English here since he has graduated from Peking University.
Karsh was praised as a master portraitist, often working in black and white, influenced by great painters of the past.
Of course, it has special meaning for people like me.  
The bus is coming. Let’s get on the bus.  
Some women have managed to become doctors.
It is known to all that light travels in straight lines.
It seems that you know someone cares about you.
My mother says she really likes these styles and so do I.
What time shall we leave?
Are you willing to give more money to the poor people?  
Did you go fishing with your friends last Sunday?  
Do you mind my smoking here?  
Do you still have anything that you don't understand?   
He asks me to stay in the room till he comes back.  
He doesn't like the way you talk to him.  
He's growing more like his father now.  
I didn't hear what you said to him.  
I happened to pass by when the boy fell into the river.  
I have no idea what to say.  
I promise you that I will do everything I can to help him.  
I will make sure that every student has a copy of the book.  
I'll be waiting for you at the library this time tomorrow.  
I'm sure we'll have a good time.  
I've got used to the weather in Shanghai.  
Many young people want to be volunteers for Olympic Games.  
People usually hate mice, but one mouse won the hearts of the people all over the world.  
Talking for a long time makes me tired.  
The earthquake in Sichuan made Chinese people unite as one.  
The majority of us agree with you.  
The man-made satellite (卫星) made by China is working very well.  
The prices of vegetables are different from place to place.  
The teacher came earlier than expected (预期).  
These two students from our school have been admitted to Beijing University.  
They were sitting in the park, playing cards.  
Traveling by train is slower than by plane, but it has its advantages.  
We must read as much as possible to enlarge our vocabulary.  
We should adapt ourselves to the new surroundings.  
Were there any phone calls for me while I was out?  
When she got home that evening, she showed her husband the beautiful hat she had bought.  
Would you mind waiting outside?  
Young persons under twenty-five make up nearly half of the American population.  
I think everyone knows how to swim.
The man is easy to deal with.
Three hundred dollars is not enough to buy this typewriter.  
We should keep it in mind that our country is a developing one.  
We are more convinced than ever that the reform and open-door policy is correct.   
There is only some old furniture in the room.  
These goods are not up to standard.  
The reason why he failed is that he relies on others too much.  
The jury (陪审团) was composed of eight white people and four black people.  
The old man was knocked down by a taxi when he was crossing the street.  
The pen that I'm writing with is a birthday present from my sister.  
What did I say to cause you to do that?  
What is the color of your new computer?  
When I just gone out of the building, it began to rain.  
Let's find a place to shelter from the rain or we'll get wet.  
Don't believe whatever he tells you.  
Can I download this material without paying any money?  
I was born in the city which you visited last year.  
I could hardly agree to what you said just now.  
The doctor performed an operation on him as soon as he was sent to the hospital.   
Every student has free access to all the sources in the library.  
He is the only Chinese who has ever won the award.  
Li Ming is a friend of mine whom I have known since childhood.  
Your composition is well written, but there's still some room for improvement.   
That team withdrew from the match as a protest against the unfair referee.   
In the past few days, news of victory has kept coming in.  
Is this the magazine which you want to borrow?  
It has not been decided yet whether they will take part in our experiment.  
My idea is that this experiment should be stopped.  
No matter how much it cost, he had to get the car fixed.  
Only those who work hard will be in a better position in the competition.  
It is well known that coal is an important source of energy.  
Scientists think that there is no life on the Mars.  
He tried many times to pass the examination, and in the end he succeeded.
Don’t leave your little sister alone at home
She has only a small room to live in.
In fact,he did not even own a bed.
I can't remember where I left my English book.
I was wondering if you could help me to find this book.
I'll go with you and make sure you understand it.
Why not go out for walk?
I've never heard such good music in game.
you are free to go or stay.
The best time to read English is in the morning.
When she was eighteen, she began to work.
He is leaving China for Britain tomorrow.
Although very important,intelligence is not necessarily the key to success.
He'll come if it doesn't rain tomorrow.
Failure is the mother of success.
I have something important to tell you.
As was expected,he passed the exam easily.
Bob was such a hardworking man that he always worked late till night.
Because of his carelessness,Jack hit his car into a big tree by the roadside. 
In many factories,an assembly line is used to speed up the efficiency of the workforce. 
In no other region in the world can you find such rare animals as giant pandas.
Jane has told me a lot about her trip. 
